So, there are many, many applications for
which we would really like
to compress the data.
The first one, obviously, is to
increases the capacity of the system.
There is an ever growing need for data as
more and more people are subscribing to
the wired and wireless broadband
services to access data.
This is a picture of per capita
subscriptions world wide in year 2012.
There are a lot more people with
mobile phones than with a tooth brush.
And still, there are many many areas.
On this map that are grey or
pale blue in this picture
that is addressable market for
this technology.
They would all want to talk to each
other once they get the phone.
So, we need an efficient way to transport
all that voice traffic or data traffic.
The second big reason why we would want,
is we really want an efficient
representation of data so
that we can store a lot of data for
playback later.
With ever increasing content,
voice content,
music, video, text on the internet.
There are many many more
applications than just iPod,
or kindle, or Netflix and YouTube.
For example, The World Digital Library
is an international digital library
operated by UNESCO, and
the US Library of Congress.
It aims to expand non-English, and
non-western content on the Internet,
and contribute to scholarly
research As of 2015, at least
more than 12,000 items from nearly 200
countries, dating back to 8000 BC.
So, you can see that, if we have very
efficient representation of content, it
lets us search for that, playback later,
all kinds of different applications.
And then there is a third class of
applications that comes to mind.
If we have a compact representation,
we can use this for
mission learning and mission intelligence.
This is exactly how Siri works.
Some of the voice recognition
technologies share the feature
extraction components that
resource completion techniques.
This is how we can build analytics
by analyzing lots and lots of data.
This is how you can actually
make your cars trained to
drive autonomously to look at
the traffic lights or pay attention to
the surrounding noisy environments,
so we do want machines to learn.
And then do routine things that makes
us attend to more important things.
So, those are some of the cool
applications that you would need
to compress the data.